Pd 1356 update apps UI ref content (#2972)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Apps/_index.md

Non-Enterprise systems show the **stable** catalog of apps by default.
The **Stable** catalog train has official applications that are pre-configured and only require a name during deployment.

> Enterprise applications display automatically for Enterprise-licensed systems, but community users can add these apps using the **Edit Catalog** screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enterprise applications display automatically for Enterprise-licensed systems, but community users can add these apps using the **Train Settings** screen.
```

Author: Fixing this in the next sprint on the next ticket. Late UI change from the last build.

> App trains display based on the **Preferred Trains** settings on the **Edit Catalog** screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App trains display based on the **Preferred Trains** settings on the **Train Settings** screen.
```

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/Apps/AppsDiscoverScreen.png" alt="Applications Discover Screen" id="Applications Discover Screen" >}}

Use the **Discover** screen links to access other functions. 

* [**Refresh Charts**](#refreshing-charts) 
* **Manage Installed Apps** opens the **Installed** application screen.
<!-- commenting out until RC1 when this screen gets added back to the UI
The **Custom App** button opens a wizard where you can install unofficial apps or an app not included in a catalog. -->

> **Custom App** opens a wizard where you can configure an unofficial app or one not included in a SCALE catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- **Custom App** opens a wizard where you can configure an unofficial app or one not included in a SCALE catalog. -->
```

To sort app widgets by category, click in **Categories**.
To select multiple categories, click **Categories** again and select another category from the dropdown.

> {{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/Apps/MinIOS3AppInfoScreen.png" alt="Application Information Screen Example" id="Application Information Screen Example" >}}

Reviewer: This image is broken in my local build
